hey guys it's killing i'm back with
another lego review this time we're
going to take a look at the very new
lone Ranger's set and the first step
we're going to take a look at today is
going to be number 79 106 Calvary
builder set so let's set it up build it
and take a closer look at this awesome
set
ok guys so that is the build of the
actual set as you tell it's a very small
set it's only 69 pieces you know so it's
not really a big several our project
this should be really quick take you
know more about 10 myths put everything
together now I do want to talk really
quickly about this set like you said
there's not much to talk about but
here's what you're going to get in the
set from the pictures you can see I got
three soldiers okay what um looks to be
apparently a sergeant or higher ranking
soldier than the other two with his
little fanny pack there's a little
briefcase messenger bag whatever you
wanna call it with a little periscope
and a revolver the other two soldiers
have a little backpacks rovol sex and
they have their shotguns or the rifles
now this it also comes with the main
figure of the set which is the course
the lone ranger and his horse and the
cool thing about these horses that Lego
is done just really cool thing where the
back axle or the back hinge of the horse
itself will rotate up to allow the horse
to do his famous pose that you do see in
the movie with the horse galloping up
and the Lone Ranger course on the back
waving this guns around like an idiot
okay the other couple pieces that are
involved in the center you're going to
get the candidate of course sitting
behind the little mini barricade wall
also we do have a little campfire with a
little chicken or a turkey leg or
whatever you want to have to base not
really clear but let's call it that
chicken leg and that's it guys this is
very small set so like I said if you
want to get into the lone ranger or if
you don't really care about the set at
all but you do want at least one figure
this will be the cheapest set again it's
1299 and you'll get a lone ranger an
ideas go find that Tonto and of course
this is a great way to do a quick army
builder if you're looking for more
soldiers for your army well guys I'm
killing that's it for this quick Lego
review of the Lone Ranger Calvary
builder set until next time I'll see you
guys later